Hello, Senator Ron Johnson.
My name is Jonathan Cooey.
I grew up in Kadat, Wisconsin.
It was a town of about 1,200 people just outside of Eau Claire and Chippewa Falls, Wisconsin.
I actually had a lot of the same high school teachers that my father did here.
I grew up fishing on this river, and my father and I have canoed the length of this river, the Yellow River, probably more than 50 times.
After growing up in Kadat, just in case you're not aware of it, it's a high school where they just wear Letterman jackets and have a dance called Snowball.
I was class president of my high school class all four years.
They have this really weird sort of claim to fame of the hometown that it's halfway between the equator and the North Pole.
But actually, if you see the little print here, it says the actual site of the Midway Point is three miles north of Kadat, which is, you know.
And curiously enough, Robert Kennedy spoke here in February of 1960 at the local high school.
And so it's very interesting that my paths have crossed his son's path all these years later.
So I went to college at the University of DePaul in Chicago after I graduated from high school in 1990.
It wasn't a very smart idea because it's a private school where you take out huge student loans and the financial aid office helps you do that.
Um, and so, uh, I have my, my adult life has been, um, basically handicapped by giant student loans that went to a private university.
And really the only reason why I went here, to be really honest, Senator Ron, Mr. Johnson is that I, uh, I, I didn't want to go to the University of Wisconsin where all my high school friends were going.
And so I was vulnerable to their marketing and vulnerable to their very aggressive financial aid office.
And the next thing you know, I'm living four years, oh wait, 12 years in Chicago.
When I went there, just a little funny story was when Joey Meyer was coaching the DePaul Blue Demons.
And I actually tried out and walked on to the basketball team in my, it was my, I believe my sophomore year.
And at that time, it might've even been my freshman year, but I think it was my sophomore year.
I have to think about it back harder.
No, it was definitely my freshman year.
That's Steve Howard.
He played on the bench of the Utah Jazz for one year, two years after he graduated.
And the sort of thing that led to all this happening was I tried out and I made it, and I didn't think I would make it.
And then on my first practice,
I actually played one-on-one against a kid from Chicago named Dave Booth.
DePaul University is not a better university than anywhere else.
They put masks on their statues during the COVID, just like all the other universities did.
Anyway, in that tryout and then the first practice, I actually played one-on-one with a guy by the name of Dave Booth.
And it's so weird, just recently this year I found out that he's like a vice president for the NBA.
So it's curious, I mean, you're a senator, you could probably call him up, cold call him and ask him if he remembers the walk-on that beat him in front of Joey Meyer.
on the first day of practice.
I think the score was like 11 to 2 because he wasn't trying and I wasn't missing and I just happened to do that.
It was like my best, best day of basketball in my whole life probably and ever after that.
I actually dropped off the team like a week later because I couldn't keep up with organic chemistry and so I told this story to my family that I had walked on the team and then I didn't really have the guts to tell them until Christmas time that it didn't work out and so
It's not really like a great part of my memory, but it is who I am.
I'm a kid, a little kid from Wisconsin who went to a big city in Chicago and got way over his head with all kinds of stuff here, with trying to figure out how to grow up in a world like this in the 90s.
And I ended up spending like 12 years in Chicago.
I was a high school teacher.
I tried to get into
medical school, but I never did.
I was always on a waiting list.
And so probably the best memory I have of that is teaching high school at the Chicago Academy for the Arts.
It's a private school where they have art students and dancers and stuff, and then they have theater majors.
And so they had high school in the morning, like classes, and then in the afternoon they worked with their arts teachers.
And I worked with some of the coolest teachers that I've ever met there, including one guy by the name of Glenn
the art teacher who, well that's a long story, but he served in Vietnam and was actually the first guy to get a conscientious objector letter exemption and got pulled out of the jungle of Vietnam and he refused to carry a gun while he was there.
It's a crazy story.
Anyway, I met that guy at the Chicago Academy for the Arts.
So now we're at about my, I guess, year 30 or so.
I went to the
Her 29, I went to the University of Chicago because I got fired from my bartender job.
Doesn't mean it's hard to describe exactly what happened, but I had to go into the wan ads of the Chicago Tribune.
I got a job here working for a guy by the name of Khaled Huwamad.
who taught me the methodology that I use and next door to me in a next door laboratory, a Dutch fella was doing his postdoc and he went back to Amsterdam and became a professor and then invited me to be his first PhD student in the Netherlands.
So I moved to the Netherlands in 2000.
two right after 9-11 and I took my dog and I moved to Amsterdam and started at the Freie Universiteit.
After that I trained in Switzerland and in Norway and this is a picture of me in Norway.
We had our two children in Norway
The thing that we did, or I did, the work that I've done can be found on PubMed, of course, if you just look for my last name.
The stuff that I did was all under microscopes and using computers and MATLAB and this kind of stuff.
I'm not a programmer.
I just programmed what I needed to program.
And after not getting tenure in the Netherlands, I dragged my family to Pittsburgh in 2016, right before Trump was elected.
And I was at the University of Pittsburgh School of Medicine for a very long time.
This is going to come in the wrong order.
There's me and my family when we were just here for the first year in front of a giant Lego pit logo.
And we were, I was very happy to be at the University of Pittsburgh.
I thought I really found my place and that I was going to make it here.
And I had a good boss and he was a Navy veteran and it was going to be great.
And that didn't work out so well.
And in fact, I got asked not to come in at some point in 2020 because of the kind of outspoken nature of my existence there.
And I can tell you more about that if you need to.
But the long and story short of it is that I started teaching biology online.
And a year and a half after I had this falling out with Pitt,
Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
was told to watch my stream and after watching my stream he decided to hire me as a consultant and that's how I ended up contributing six different pretty large quotes to this book as well as just being acknowledged in the expert list.
And after that book was completed I worked for half a year for Children's Health Defense, who actually ended my position or fired me at the end of 2023 under very dubious conditions I think given the
the way that I was hired in the first place and the track record of integrity that I had in order to get there.
So anyway, after working for Robert F. Kennedy Jr.
and Children's Health Defense for about a year and a half, we get to 2024, and I can tell you that I've lost a best friend
I've lost a former colleague.
I've lost a father-in-law to neglect and a sister-in-law to the transfections.
And so I really feel I'm coming to you humbly as a guy who grew up in his whole life in Wisconsin,
My father served in the Navy.
He met a Filipino woman while he was over there.
And the joke is that I was made in the Philippines and born in the United States.
And so I'm an American citizen born here.
And I, like I say, I grew up my whole life in Wisconsin.
And I
I just feel like there's a chance that you'll give me a shot and you'll listen with an open mind because of that.
And because I think there's a potential for a lot to be lost here as far as America for my children and for their children.
And so I have started all of these talks and I started the talk that I gave to Sukrit Bhakti the other day that you were present for with this statement about how weaponized piles of money have convinced us with whom to argue and about what to argue.
And I plead with you to try and think back to when you were younger and to realize that newspapers and TV used to play this role to the extent that they could, given the legal structure of the American system and very,
recent history with Obama reversing this Smith something something act where now the truth doesn't need to be on TV anymore and the truth isn't required in in public places.
We are now in a position where if we argue with these people then we will accept their narrative and that used to be the case about you know like marriage or
or infidelity or this kind of thing.
And that's all I used to think it was about.
But I have come to understand as a lifelong biologist growing up fishing on the Yellow River, that this is a very elaborate mythology that my parents were fooled by and completely unaware of.
And the very brutal
truth of this is evident already from my very, very, very earliest days of my life, and is actually evident in the very early days of almost all the male children that I knew growing up in Wisconsin.
I'm sure you can remember, if you think back to your days in elementary school, if you grew up in Wisconsin, or you grew up where I grew up, then all throughout elementary school, we were already taking showers after
Fayette.
I don't really know why we were taking showers after Fayette, but we had showers and we used them.
And there were towels and the towels were provided.
And I can tell you for sure that 90% of the young males in my class were circumcised and not circumcised like a religious circumcision, but complete removal
And I have come to understand as a biologist that this is a really important source of cell culture material.
And so it wasn't about hygiene for these children as I think my parents were led to believe was the reason why the doctor would advocate for such a thing and why they would pose such a choice to the parents of a newborn.
But I could tell and I can remember in retrospect that there were no parents that were aware of what was going on there.
And it was evident from the elementary school shower.
Now this is some pretty harsh truth here, but what I need you to see, it is a desperate one-time chance for me to get someone in power with a chance to see that how far back this goes in time.
And how actually my parents were fooled, maybe your parents were fooled about any of these things.
One of them being that male child story that I just told you.
And you can find very recent videos of virologists talking about fibroblast cell cultures and talking about the source of them.
And I don't think that the source of them is a bris ceremony, if you understand my meaning.
It comes from our hospitals.
And so we have been governed by this theater for a very long time.
The mythology is not just about infidelity.
The mythology is not just about plagiarism or something like that.
The mythology is about the very nature of our biology.
And I'm coming to you as a lifelong biologist who spent five years in a lab that was rewarded the Nobel Prize in 2014.
I have put my reputation and friendship with all of these people on the line for the last five years, desperately trying to get them to see the truth for what it is.
And it has been extraordinarily difficult because on social media, there is a military level of organization
and a military level of coordination that is designed to mislead us and the young in particular to make sure that we do not realize the mythological trap that we are walking our children into.
And these people don't all need to be bad guys, like Tony Fauci is a bad guy or Deborah Birx is a bad guy.
They don't all need to be bad guys or good guys.
They are participants, witting or unwitting participants in our governance.
And as a senator, I would
I would theorize that you have some sense of your role and amount of influence that you have in the world, much more than I would ever have a sense of what you can and can't do.
You know what phone calls you can make.
You know what people do and don't do when Senator Ron Johnson calls or when the committees that you sit on act.
You know what they do behind closed doors, and I don't.
But I do know that we were influenced by people on social media in a way that we have never been influenced before.
And if we don't become aware of the fact that that influence extends into our government, that these actors, these meddlers, these people that are not genuine dissident patriots, that I don't know who they are, but I know that almost no one, Senator, almost no one that you have had in your meetings is acting
in the best interest of my grandchildren or yours.
Now, I have used this analogy very often to describe what social media is.
I've said very recently that social media is a hamster wheel for your mind and a hamster wheel for your mind might look like this chair where the joystick works and the goggles work and the pedals work and the screen works and this whole thing.
And by engaging with social media to fight the people on TV, we have essentially found ourselves in a hamster wheel for our mind.
And that hamster wheel is not an innocent hamster wheel.
It is a carefully constructed hamster wheel that takes us through scenes and scenarios that get us to teach our children a mythology that will enslave them.
And after four years of this engagement with social media, people on the left and people on the right have come to some general conclusions about what has happened.
They have come to the general conclusion that the truth was censored on Twitter and other social media in 2020.
They have come to the conclusion that a novel virus swept the world, and in fact, twice in 2021, one of which was called Omicron.
They have come to the conclusion that a shortage of or an overuse of ventilators killed people in 2020.
And so it depends on whether you talk to the left or to the right or to Fauci or to someone else, you might hear it was a shortage, you might hear it was overuse.
There was no expected rise in all-cause mortality on the radar of any country because no one is talking about that.
And so you might not even, in your mind, and when I was presenting to Sukhrit Bhakta, you might not have even been able to think about, okay, what do you mean expected rise in all-cause mortality?
We'll cover that in a minute.
We rushed the rollout of a new technology that did save people despite mistakes.
So a lot of people have come to understand the COVID vaccines as being pretty effective, not as effective as they would have wanted to, but certainly effective enough to have saved millions of lives.
And that's why we're going all in on them.
That's why they're still out there and they're still encouraging their use.
And most people believe that.
Once we stop using the toxic spike, which is what I think a lot of people on the very, you know, trying to figure out the details movement, these people have come to understand that the spike could be dangerous.
Peter McCullough has put forward often that the spike is dangerous.
Dr. Ryan Cole has put forward that the spike is dangerous.
And we know that the spike protein is this antigen that they chose for
for the investigational vaccines as they are called by these people.
And so the spike protein has taken a central role in explaining the biology of what's going wrong.
And now the most recent thing that has been added by your Senate committee and Kevin McKernan in particular from the Human Genome Project has told us that they've identified DNA contamination
in the investigational vaccines.
And so that is also just accepted by most people, including in Australia and other places where this is starting to become common knowledge, even among the, let's say, TV narrative people.
And so finally, then around the world, people have accepted that vaccines remain a wonderfully great way, or flawed, but effective way of controlling disease, and they're still completely necessary.
They work intramuscularly, you know, you just inject somebody in their muscle, and you can augment the immune system.
This is basically what everybody, after the first five years of this experience, have come to understand as truth.
And if this is passed on to our children as what happened during the 2020 to 2024 pandemic, it's very likely that our children will be enslaved.
Now, I use those words because I want to provoke the utmost urgency, which is also the reason a lot of times that I will call particular people traitors, because I really want to provoke the urgency necessary for people to snap out of the illusion
snap out of the illusion that is the hamster wheel of skilled social media use.
Because every time you hear my explanation, but then spend the next 24 hours scrolling, it is impossible for you to not be overwhelmed by those thoughts and those conclusions.
Oh yeah, that confirms what I knew before I listened to Jonathan.
Oh, that confirms what I knew before I listened to Jonathan.
So the exercise here, first of all, and the reason why I chose to do this with Sukrit, was to put us all on the same page of where we are.
The most reasonable people on both sides basically agree that it's this.
And this is nothing to do with a lab leak or natural virus, because that's something they still don't agree on.
But all of this, they can all agree on very, very easily.
And so if you try to explain, and I'll use my arrow here, if you try to explain what we see here in the red using this narrative, then what you come up with in a pie chart is basically some portion of it in red, which is the novel virus.
sweeping twice in 2021.
You see the yellow, which is the overuse or shortage of ventilators and protocols killing people.
And then you see green that we rushed out a technology and that hurts some people because it's contaminated with DNA, right?
And so this is the story again, that on the dissident movement with Kevin McKernan in particular, and Robert Malone in particular, I think this is a pretty good summary of where we are.
Now, I would argue that this is a place that we can't get to with real world biology.
But it is a place that hides the military operation that was executed to convince us of this conclusion, to get us to come to this conclusion.
And most importantly, to get us to teach our kids this narrative of what happened during the pandemic.
And I want to replace each of these with a phrase that I think I can back up with biology, with facts, with observation, and with personal experience as I went from being a medical school professor in 2020 to where I am now, humbly asking for your help.
And so the first one, was the truth censored?
No, I think that social media, like the hamster wheel that it is for your mind, they pretended to censor people, but actually everybody heard that those people were censored and everybody saw that those people got to go on Tucker Carlson or Joe Rogan and complain about their censorship.
And so what really happened was that people were elevated by censorship.
And we ended up following those people if we were looking for an alternative narrative.
If you were fine with what Tony Fauci was telling you, or you were fine with what Richard Ebright was telling you, then you didn't go looking any further.
Because those people were in front of the Senate or the House in 2020.
And so he didn't search anymore.
But if you did go looking further, you might run into someone like Kevin McKernan from the Human Genome Project on a podcast where he would tell you that the argument is actually happening on Twitter.
like I did.
And I found myself on Twitter organizing with a bunch of anonymous people from around the world that seemed to think that some other story was being hidden.
And of course, when you engage in actively solving a problem, you learn something very, very well.
And so I started to learn that a novel virus was sweeping the world that had novel features that had never been seen before, that all these people that I had met on the internet understood as the furin cleavage site or HIV inserts, or they had all kinds of knowledge that I couldn't have as a neurobiologist.
And so I had to just kind of accept what they were telling me because the truck was driving away.
But a novel virus didn't sweep the world.
We, it was a background signal at best, at best.
And I wasn't sophisticated enough at the time to see through that.
It took me until at least May or June or July of 2020 to figure that out.
The shortage or overuse of ventilators got a lot of us until later or earlier this year, late 2023, it became obvious to us that there was a whole literature base
ICU, intensive care, extreme medicine, literature base describing how pure oxygen could result in a condition called acute respiratory distress syndrome.
And me and a couple of colleagues realized that, oh my goodness, that means that everybody that was given pure oxygen, like was described early in 2020 in your Senate meeting,
like was described by YouTube videos of crazy flow rates, 60 liters a minute of pure oxygen directly from the tank.
And there is a copious amount of primary literature on PubMed.
where doctors have known since the late 90s that even 80% pure oxygen would be enough to cause ARDS.
So we started to realize that the best way to explain what happened in New York City was that pure oxygen leads to ARDS.
And anywhere in the hospital system of America where in substitute for or to prevent the running out of ventilators, people were given pure oxygen,
This would have led to a condition which would have been misconstrued as COVID because, of course, acute respiratory distress syndrome was what COVID was in 2020.
And so we need an investigation into what happened to every person that is in the hospital in 2020 and 2021, because anyone that was brought into the hospital and started irresponsibly on pure or as low as 80% oxygen without sufficient understanding of the dangers
Anyone that spent more than probably four hours, you can already write them off as having been murdered starting with that.
And the example closest to my heart is a young woman by the name of Grace, who is the son of a friend of mine, Scott, whose protocol murder was started by pure oxygen, leading to a progression of symptoms that were diagnosed as COVID.
And so the idea, number four, that there was no expected rise in all-cause mortality on the radar of any country is exactly the opposite of true.
And I think if you search or have a staffer look this up, or you just search your memory for what you saw on the news in the 80s and the 90s, and think about this carefully, you will realize that we have realized that this problem was coming for a long time in all Western nations, even China.
with their one-child policy acknowledges that at a certain moment, we were having a lot of kids.
And those big families' kids after World War II are now starting to retire and age out.
And that is a huge burden on the budgets of these countries, and it is a huge burden on the healthcare system of these countries, especially in a country like America, where we spend exorbitant amounts of money and technology on end-of-life care.
where there's a huge profit to be made in nursing homes.
And so all of these people, actuaries at insurance companies, financial analysts at large hospital corporations and at nursing home corporations have known that this bump in this demographic was aging and coming to ripen at this time.
And so that's a huge signal that it seems no one has acknowledged despite the actuaries and biologists and epidemiologists that have been in front of your Senate committee all these years.
No one has bothered to go back and say, hey, wait a minute.
Did we expect a rise in all cause mortality or was it going to stay at 3 million Americans a year for the next 15 years?
No, of course it wasn't.
And so we rushed the rollout of a new technology that did save people despite mistakes is also just an illusion.
We actually rolled this technology out that had many shortcomings that we knew we would never be able to perfect in the context of an animal model because anything to do with these technologies in human would need to be tested in human.
We use the excuse
of a planned crisis declaration and coordinated acknowledgement of it across all the countries with this problem that needed management.
And we created the illusion of a pandemic.
The biosecurity state did this.
And the thing that I will say, quite frankly, Senator Ron Johnson, is either you have been in a Senate meeting where the doors are closed and you understand exactly what's going on and how this budgetary problem is being managed.
or you're not aware of it, and you can easily find out that this is not a crazy notion, but in fact was a big problem that needed solving.
And so the idea that we can clean these shots up if Kevin McKernan is right and we just get the DNA out, or if we just don't use the toxic spike protein that was a gain of function protein in the first place, as some people will tell you, is also a lie.
And it is the perfect mythology to get them to safely roll out a technology that they knew would never be accepted.
The safety profile would never pass even a corrupt FDA, unless it could be done in a way where the narrative and the outcome was controlled.
And that's what the pandemic provided.
And that's the reason why we need to run this clock out so that people, our children forget that this happened.
Our university students forget that this is actually what happened.
The reason why university students took such a high percentage of these untested transfections in people, inappropriate transfections in people is because of this illusion that there was a crisis happening.
And the illusion of the crisis was sustained, again, I will reiterate on this already anticipated for decades, increase in all cause mortality because we have more old people aging out.
And many of them are extremely inconvenient for our budget.
And so once we accept the technology as they have presented it to us with the flaws, then we will accept the technology as a methodology that's proven
And that will be the end of things.
It will hardly be regulated anymore because once it's a proven vaccine technology, vaccines are exempt from strict scrutiny.
A vaccine and their mandating are exempt from strict scrutiny.
I don't know all of the terms and how to describe it, but I do know for sure that they are exempt from liability.
and they should not be exempt from liability.
They should be subject to strict liability like every other pharmaceutical product.
And what's dangerous here is that the methodology, not the COVID shot or a flu shot, but all mRNA technology is on the verge of being classified as proven effective vaccination, which means that by the definition in our very,
unscientific legislative structure, it is very likely that the whole methodology will be exempt from further scrutiny.
And so in vaccines, unfortunately, Senator Ron Johnson were never good.
Intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system has always been dumb.
And I think actually since the 80s, during the AIDS epidemic, we have already known that.
And in fact, that may explain why Tony Fauci has been central to this narrative control since that time until the pandemic.
And so if you were to take my explanation for this, that it is a coordinated, highly organized group of operators that have come to lead us to believe something else happened to hide murder, then you would see that they already expected a rise in all cause mortality, which can be actually seen if I move this graph, can actually be seen back here.
So you can see that this rise in all cause mortality is not as spectacular as it looks when you start from zero.
And so the idea that this was gonna happen and expected, then that's the red part.
Now we don't have a novel virus, we just have an expected rise.
And then we have a little bit of a protocol shift, some fear, frustration, confusion in the hospitals in New York and a few other places where they used oxygen inappropriately or used steroids inappropriately.
And now we have a bunch of people murdered by protocol on top of the people that we expected to get ill and die.
And then we also have other murder, like remdesivir, midazolam, starving, not giving antibiotics to these people because it doesn't work on a viral syndrome, even though they would get urinary tract infection or secondary pneumonia that would obviously be indicative of an indication for antibiotics.
And so it's the exact same data set, but now explained in an entirely different way.
where there is no need for a novel pathogen.
There's no need and there's no evidence for spread of that pathogen.
But instead, it is just an expected rise in all-cause mortality that has been carefully orchestrated to resemble
the start of a crisis and because all of these people agreed to lie about it, have been preparing to lie about it, as part of this orchestrated management of this problem across the Western world, we think a pandemic occurred.
And so I think that I can explain this in very succinct points and I'm just gonna list them here and then I'm gonna try and do that.
So biological and actuarial backgrounds have been ignored.
Biological background is the idea that there was nothing and then something was there in the background that we could test for.
And that's not true.
Actuarial being the thing that I was just talking about where we expected these old people to die because that's what happens when people get old.
And so we knew that there was this extra signal that we could misconstrue as a pandemic.
and virologists and actuaries, so, so many of them have, and seem not to be able to see this.
So I can explain the murder in America as opioid crisis, which everyone ignores.
Almost 500,000 people have been killed in the time of the pandemic, and these are of all ages, and in fact, are probably single-handedly responsible for the reduction in life expectancy in America, and it has nothing to do with COVID.
because again, there was no spreading pathogen.
The murder was also pure to 80% oxygen.
It was also no antibiotics.
It was also the use of steroids.
I have there ask Malone because he is the one that I learned it from.
In a podcast in 2021, Robert Malone explained that many people in New York City were actually murdered because in order to clear the hospitals,
They gave a lot of these patients dexamethasone, which Robert Malone himself described in that podcast as a hammer for your immune system, and then sent those patients back to care homes where they would later die of what he called COVID.
And so it's a crime scene.
We do need to figure out exactly what happened.
But methodologically speaking and medically and therapeutically speaking, we need to have some pretty hard truths about what happens when you administer pure oxygen, especially high flow pure oxygen and how nobody is talking about that, including anyone that's looking at the protocols and how they contributed to this.
And then finally, hospital neglect.
Because a lot of people in Scotland, for example, didn't die of COVID but died of starvation or thirst or cold or
urinary tract infection and secondary pneumonia, not that dissimilar to what happened in America.
And so it's important to realize that there are signals everywhere that they could have done it so that this simultaneous signal could be pointed at by all these different people on social media as indicative of the start of a worst case scenario.
And so I also really need you to understand from a technical perspective that PCR can be very accurate at every university in America, at every investigators bench in America, and terribly aspecific if it's used as a product, if it's used as a diagnostic, and if there was any, any incentive for numbers to be inflated,
or for false positives to be creative, if there was any incentive at all, the misuse of PCR would have been child's play.
And the reason why more people aren't aware of it is because of this coordinated, limited spectrum of debate on social media where all the people that seem to rise high enough to get in front of your Senate committee, all of those people are unable to explain
the broad picture to an academic biologist of how PCR can be highly accurate the way that they use it, but all of those fine tunings and controls and whatever, those are not present in the diagnostics that were used to define this crisis.
And I can explain that to you in detail and you can understand it
RNA biology does not support the premises of the pandemic.
And I have two notes here, the protein XON and the drug remdesivir, because essentially the story of the biology, which supposedly supports this idea that a virus from a bat cave could pandemic for five years,
is all based on these two anecdotal subjects in the primary literature.
And so I will briefly address those as well.
And then finally, transformation and transfection are not investigational vaccines.
They aren't.
They are product types that were available before the pandemic for many of these pharmaceutical biosupply companies like Thermo Fisher, et cetera.
Transformation and transfection were product types before the pandemic.
And at the beginning of the pandemic, with the help of this coordinated group of liars, that includes Tony Fauci, of course, we called them investigational vaccines.
And under the PREP Act, we suspended a number of fundamental rights under the rational basis review alone.
which in American law is not sufficient to justify what happens when the PrEP Act emergency is declared.
The suspension of fundamental rights that occurs and thus the extent to which power is taken by a non-elected official for that declaration of an emergency and is only required to meet a rational basis review, this is unacceptable.
And if that's language that's not understandable to you, then I really think we need to get together with one of my lawyer friends in a room so that it can be explained succinctly by someone with the skill and the precision that I don't have as a non-lawyer.
And so this summary is what I tried to give, but I tried to give it very fast when I was speaking to Sukrit, because Sukrit is a biologist, because Sukrit and I have been in contact before, and because I wanted to give Sukrit a chance to speak.
But unfortunately, he didn't really start any discussion.
And so none of the things that I wanted to say with regard to these points were actually said.
And so the first one, the biological and actuarial backgrounds have been ignored.
I want to explain this statement to you so that you can understand it.
So the biological signal is a signal that we knew was coming, but it's also an actuarial one because the actuaries knew it was coming.
The insurance companies knew it was coming.
The budgeters of the American government knew it was coming.
Social security budgeters knew it was coming.
That's why I call it an actuarial thing as well as a biological thing.
because we saw it coming already for a couple decades.
And this could have potentially bankrupt many Western nations.
Now, I'm only going to play one video.
I just want to play this video for you and for my followers.
I don't know, maybe I'll edit it out of the video that you see.
It is a video of Ted Turner talking to Charlie Rose quite a long time ago.
What do you think of the credit crisis we're in now?
You know, I think it's a mess.
And why is it a mess?
Well, I because I think what happened is people were borrowing too much money on their houses.
You know, I don't my house is paid for.
It has been.
I mean, I don't believe.
you know i think having equity in your home is a good thing i don't believe in spending every penny you have when i was making eighty dollars a week after taxes were taken out of twenty when i was twenty one i saved ten dollars a week and lived on seventy dollars i mean i've always saved i believe that was the thing my father taught me that too what's possible tell me what's possible to do that in fifteen or twenty years we can completely redo it if we we have to mobilize this is how important it is
and how important that we do it quickly.
We have to mobilize the same way we did when we entered World War II in 1941.
We have to fully mobilize everything we have and put it into changing the energy system over.
And not just here in the United States, but all over the world.
It's going to be the biggest business project in the history of the world.
Fortunes, billions of dollars are going to be made.
Hundreds of thousands of people are going to be employed.
We're going to have clean air.
We're going to have so many benefits from it.
It's not going to cost us anything.
once we get going with it.
Only the people that don't understand it think it's going to.
Not doing it will be catastrophic.
We'll have eight degrees.
We'll be eight degrees hotter in 10, not 10, but in 30 or 40 years.
And basically, none of the crops will grow.
Most of the people will have died.
And the rest of us will be cannibals.
Civilization will have broken down.
The few people left will be living in a failed state like Somalia or Sudan.
and and living conditions will be intolerable the droughts will be so bad there'll be no more corn growing it it will not doing it is suicide just like dropping bombs on each other nuclear weapons is suicide so we've got to stop doing the two suicidal things which are hanging on to our nuclear weapons and then after that we've got to we've got to stabilize the population when i was born so what's wrong with the population i mean with too many people
That's why we have global warming.
We have global warming because too many people are using too much stuff.
If there were less people, they'd be using less stuff.
If we don't get global warming and the nuclear weapons straightened out, we don't have to worry about human rights.
The humans will all be gone.
OK, do you think we'll do it?
I mean, are you optimistic in the end that the world will come to its senses?
On behalf of my grandchildren and the children all over the world, I absolutely think we've got to do it.
But I have a way of explaining it very simply.
I say the human situation I liken to a baseball game.
It's in the seventh inning, and we're down by one run.
what so we're back to talk to the wall right what we have to do though in the next two innings the game's not over it's still winnable but what we've got to do is hold them right where they are with our best pitcher right and we've got to get a couple runs on the get a man on the base that's and then get him in get him in and that ties it in another run to go ahead and we win that's where we are we're we're in a tough situation but we can play our way out of it if we do the right things it's time for smart
Political leaders no more dummies.
We can't afford dumb leadership Now what I'm arguing senator is that these people knew this was a problem that needed management for decades that's why that video is almost 17 years old and That's him old he's you can find younger videos of him talking about this with with people like Carl Sagan so
They needed to take care of these people.
Extending their lives for two more years would have been exorbitantly expensive.
The average cost of someone on Medicare in the last six months of their life is $500,000.
I'm pleading with you, Senator, to realize that the American system and many of the other nations in the Western world had the same problem that needed the same really big solution.
And they use this as an opportunity to teach this mythology to our kids, because this is the biggest business change ever that's coming in the next decade.
and they needed the full control of the narrative that was given to them by this public health emergency.
And these people that have been put in front of us, unfortunately, that are aware that this problem needed to be solved are also very aware of how the problem was solved.
It was solved with supplementary oxygen.
It's been solved with opioids in America.
And it's continuing to be solved by opioids in America, by unrest in America, by suicide and murder in America, by the influx of migrants in America, the continued abuse of people in hospitals.
This is all out of control now.
And all of the people that have been put in front of us have seemingly no ability to see that Americans have been murdered in 2020.
And people all around the world use that as justification for what they did and where we are now, to the point where the former prime minister of New Zealand was just given the status of dame of the UK or whatever, like knighted.
And so you can go to Scotland and you can find evidence of this murder and you can see the evidence in the drugs that they use, but they already had a kind of a passive acceptance of euthanasia in their system.
And so it's been very hard for them to call attention to this when they have been kind of managing their very, very old in this way for a while, and they just kind of,
turned that knob to 11 a few times at the beginning of the pandemic.
But nevertheless, Scotland has done an investigation and you can find that there.
So the summary includes this statement about PCR because it's really
It bothers me so much as an academic biologist to know all these details about PCR and how PCR and quantitative PCR can be used to effectively decide whether a certain subtype of a receptor is present in a neuron or any other extremely precise yes or no questions in the context of molecular biology can be addressed with PCR.
But the way that it is used on an academic bench at any university in the Western world involves all kinds of steps that include a number of targets being found, a number of layered primers being used, like a combination of passwords, if you will, and then internal controls, which allow these signals to be better quantified and qualified as to whether they are noise or signal.
Now, there are countless ways that these things have been optimized on the academic bench so that people, when they publish a nature paper, can really say, yes, my protein of interest is in this location and it is in this quantity.
But those same people who understand PCR can be used with that accuracy, I think, in our universities have been made unaware
that the EUA granted PCR tests for COVID do not use any of those optimizations at all.
And in fact, they are oftentimes deployed in the opposite configuration.
Instead of using multiple primers, sorry, multiple primer sets to find multiple amplicons, they use multiple primer sets and only required one to be found.
Instead of using nested primers like would be used on an academic bench, they used single primers.
Instead of using internal controls, they just omitted them.
And so I believe that there are hundreds of biologists on faculties all around the United States, including at the University of Wisconsin biology faculty, who are very aware of how PCR can be used to highly accurate ends, but are absolutely ignorant to the fact that the 200 or more EUA-granted
diagnostics that were used in America in 2020 and 2021 do not employ any of those methodologies.
What frustrates me even more is that there are several people who have been in front of your Senate committee multiple times who could explain this incongruency but have not, and instead insisted that it's just about overcycling,
or some other way of generating false positives instead of real methodological oversights.
And so that is precisely why there were so many people at the beginning of the pandemic who were worried about endemicity, the idea that this bat cave virus, if we didn't shut everything down and contain it,
would spread far enough so that we would lose control of it and would have become part of the background of sickness that we deal with every day.
This is a biological phenomenon with no real proof in the literature.
It is a phenomenon that people have just kind of accepted as seeming reasonable to explain the background signals that these molecular biologists claim they find.
and explain them as, well, this is a snapshot of what, if you believe the theory of evolution, then you have to accept that they came, they weren't there, and now this is the product of that.
And that assumption, it plays into their narrative.
It is completely not based in real biology.
And the reason why that is, is because endemicity, this idea that a virus released in a mud puddle, spilled in a mud puddle, leaked from a laboratory, can spread out of control around the world to occupy most lungs or even the lungs of white-tailed deer.
This is an illusion, and it is illusion, and you can see it very easily because this cannot be differentiated from a background because we have no data pre-2020.
There's no way to tell the difference between a carefully characterized background that the national security state lied to us about and an endemic background that started in 2020 and is now spread to endemicity.
And there is no way for us to tell the difference between these two conditions.
And even worse, we know that the diagnostics that were used to characterize the spread into endemicity were likely
really, really poor.
And so I think it is quite likely that a background, a hot background, specific or not, was misconstrued as evidence of spread.
And these entities that are running this show have taken advantage of the fact that we don't have any data before 2020, and so we have to take their word for it.
That's also why it's very important that these people that we're talking about, endemicity in 2020, are the same people who were given these pieces of a narrative about a laboratory leak so that we would follow them and figure it out.
They covered up this murder and lies that were committed to manage the problem of this aging population in the West.
and they covered that murder and lies with a story or stories about a novel virus that might have come from a laboratory and so it might have all kinds of special properties including the ability to spread with more
speed than any virus in the history of mankind, which is what we were being told in 2020 and 2021 by many of these people who also were curiously aware very early that the spike protein had a fear and cleavage site or that the spike protein had HIV inserts and there was a paper pulled.
or that they were very aware that a database had been pulled down, or very aware that amyloid or prion disease might result from this spike protein because there are certain sequences present.
And these people, very curiously, have gone on to ride these particular narratives all the way into 2024.
And they still agree on many of these narratives as being central to our understanding what actually happened.
And careful accounting of them from before the pandemic until now, I believe, reveals them as people who are there specifically to enable the problem that all of these countries had to be managed with this narrative.
And that narrative conveniently includes a lot of outcomes that aren't from a novel virus, but were expected from the countermeasures.
from the countermeasures that I mentioned earlier were actually product types, transformation, adenovirus, and transfection, the lipid nanoparticle plus mRNA.
Transformation and transfection were products before the declared pandemic.
And so in order to make sure that these products, which would have never passed
the safety testing of the FDA, and everybody who's used them on an academic bench would know that, they were rolled out in the context of a investigational vaccine protected by an emergency declaration of the PrEP Act from any type of challenge.
And they did that on purpose with the same people who were convinced about endemicity, were convinced about the fear and cleavage site, were convinced about the amyloid or the prion potential or the cardiac effects.
These were all potential problems, downsides of switching a already ineffective vaccine schedule, already criminal vaccine schedule over to this new technology, which I am urging you to understand as previously called transfection.
And so if we go back to 2020, you can see this myth of endemicity allows them to hide
It allows them to hide this management of this increase in all cause mortality and insert a biosecurity narrative in its place.
And so that frustrates me because PCR was part of that illusion.
The illusion of PCR was very simply cracked in 2020 as false positives from overcycling.
But it is much more malevolent and complicated than that.
Please do not misunderstand.
Do not dismiss this because you have thousands of constituents in Wisconsin alone that have the requisite biological knowledge to understand what I'm saying here and to realize the same truth.
And if you give them that chance, we could have a serious turnaround.
Now, RNA biology not supporting the premises of a pandemic is very difficult to explain quickly.
And that's why I kind of glossed over it, hoping that Sukrit would ask a question about it, but he did not.
But suffice it to say that the narrative of transfection and the outcomes that they expected being laid by these same people was integral.
And that if we go back, we see this hiding of a myth
If we go back to that background, we realize again, right, that endemicity is a myth that they created in the virology literature, hypothetically explaining what they saw.
And that myth has now been used by these people to seed a narrative of a virus processing to
endemicity, and that's actually a background.
So PCR contributed to that illusion.
But also what contributes to this illusion is the biology of coronaviruses.
Because before the biology of coronaviruses, Senator Ron Johnson, there were no RNA pandemics, none.
That doesn't work like that.
But the biology of coronaviruses, as explained by this protein and this drug remdesivir, the history and the literature actually reveals the mythology.
And it can be revealed in a single paper, Tortura and Bavari.
If you go to the PubMed and you just put in the search bar, Tortura and Bavari, without even 2019, the only paper that will pop up is this one.
Sina Bavari is the head of U.S.
Emirate.
Allison Totura is one of the last postdocs of Ralph Baric, who was also on Jeopardy, actually.
And if you pull this paper down and read it, you will see them predicting that we will have a pandemic of a coronavirus from a bat cave, and remdesivir would be a very useful antiviral if that were to happen.
And if you go back one paper in this biography to find the paper where Mark Denison and Ralph Baric describe the molecular action of this drug remdesivir, you will find that it actually works on a protein called XON.
That's this protein right here.
And this protein is said by Ralph Baric and Mark Denison to be the protein that allows coronavirus to copy RNA and proofread it.
This story that I've just managed to tell you in a couple sentences is the foundation for the entire public health narrative of RNA pandemics, of coronavirus pandemics.
Without this pair of papers, and without the serendipitous molecular mechanism of remdesivir,
There would be no molecular biology story even to support the idea that RNA can start in a mud puddle and go around the world and continue to do so.
And so this is something in and of itself, any of these things are damning, but this is one of those things that can completely dispel the mythology in a few minutes with a few cursory reads.
And many, many academic biologists in Wisconsin and around the United States could be brought to extreme skepticism if they were brought there in the right way through these pathways.
And so transformation and transfection are not investigational vaccines, but they are virology.
And I've been saying that for quite a while.
This will take much longer to explain, so I won't try to, but suffice it to say that transformation and transfection were product types before the pandemic.
And now we call them investigational vaccines.
That's why they won't discuss the background signal.
The background signal and the actuarial signal that was going to cause all these budgetary problems.
They needed to murder some of these people and they did it and then took advantage of this numbers.
And they misled us about what those numbers meant.
by misleading us using PCR.
And those elaborate lies were told to us so well and curated so well that thousands of academics who could know that PCR was used aspecifically and malevolently against us, they could know, they don't know because that narrative has been very carefully controlled and I can explain it in detail to all of these people.
That was just elaborate lies.
Defining the countermeasures, which again were transformation and transfection, defining them as what they were at the beginning of the pandemic would have probably prevented many college kids from being multiply exposed.
Those are obvious truths.
And no one that I talked to during the pandemic and urging them to use those words would do it.
Many of those people who I urged to use those words were in front of your Senate committee multiple times.
Even in the purest form, transfection, that's with the mRNA, transfection would not have worked.
The chemically altered mRNAs would never have worked the way they say it would.
And the RNA was never going to be as pure as they wanted it to be because that's not possible to do.
And so the fragmented RNAs were always going to cause a problem.
And that impurities that they're now crying about are also things that anyone working at a pharmaceutical company would have known
would have been present in any commercial RNA product.
It's just known because that's how they're manufactured.
And manufacturing an mRNA product does not permit the kind of purity and purification methodologies that are used when producing a monoclonal antibody biologic, for example.
Again, I can explain this to you and your staff in great detail if necessary, but those are known dangers, not surprises because of warp speed.
And so defining the term infectious clone in the literature so that academic biologists can see the extent to which these products, transformation and transfection, these methodological products are used to create this illusion of a high fidelity field called virology.
When in reality, the field of virology stands on the shakiest of legs.
And in fact, it's probably been manufactured out of whole cloth.
to enable this mythology to stand.
And those are becoming obvious truths, as are this idea that RNA cannot pandemic, because it's not even biologically similar to the illusion of DNA, to the magic of DNA.
Everybody in biology has come to assume that DNA is this magic molecule that can be copied perfectly.
And we've accepted that as part of the central dogma of biology.
But what also is there is that RNA does not have those attributes.
And yet in order for RNA to pandemic, it would need those attributes.
And that's why this statement is so important to repeat over and over again, because it challenges people on all intellectual levels to rethink what they have been told or come to assume.
And so that's why I've also tried to redo this narrative where the truth wasn't told, but people were censored on purpose, that they misconstrued a background signal, that they actually murdered people in known ways.
There was a known, there was a coming all-cause mortality rise that they have used to their advantage.
We didn't rush anything.
We hid.
the rollout of this technology in this crisis so that we could get away with it, they could get away with it.
And if we don't question this as a methodology, then very soon it will be accepted as a methodology and it'll be accepted as a vaccine methodology, which means that it will never be subject to strict liability again, which would be a disaster.
And vaccines are not a wonderfully
great way to augment the immune system.
Intramuscular injection is actually a terrible idea, and it probably always has been.
And as a biologist and as a father, it absolutely breaks my heart that it took until 2023 for me to figure this out.
And so that's the reason why we are here, where we have people in front of your Senate group not questioning the vaccine schedule and questioning the very narrative of the pandemic, but instead insisting that the vaccines need to be tested or that we will have vaccines that are safe very soon or that the impurities need to be removed.
And we have people telling us that Elon Musk is saving our free speech.
And you as a senator from the great state of Wisconsin should know that no social media platform, no matter how open or free or whatever it is, will ever substitute for real true
um free speech and communication in in the in the world it just won't and especially not one where the code is private and and the connection the the algorithm is private and and whatever so so this is these are just military programs senator ron johnson there are military programs that are being um uh deployed on our children and we must must must must pull out of this nosedive
The best way that I can say it, honestly, Senator Ron Johnson, is to compare the vaccine schedule in America to the vaccine schedule in Norway or Sweden and see the difference.
See the difference in quantity,
see the difference in frequency and see the difference in the calendar in terms of how early we are intramuscularly injecting our young children under the guise of public health.
I need your help.
You can urge Americans to do this for themselves so that Americans will realize that the vaccine schedule in America in particular
is a criminal enterprise because there's no strict liability, because there's no financial incentive for them to make them safe or keep them safe or make them pure or even test if they work.
And that has been basically the problem from the very beginning.
That's why this maybe at one point very well-intentioned idea of inoculating people to a disease to prevent them from having a very bad bout with it has gone horribly, horribly wrong.
If we don't save our children and our grandchildren from these bad ideas,
I don't think America will be there anymore.
And I really mean this with all of my heart.
I plead with you, Senator Ron Johnson, please, if you have any questions about this list and you need me to make another brief, you want me to expand on it, you need a list of citations, I'm happy to provide it.
I'm gonna put this up on Substack as a transcript and add some things to it.
But let me repeat one more time, intramuscular injection of any combination of substances with the intent of augmenting the immune system is dumb.
Transfection in healthy humans was always criminal and RNA cannot pandemic.
And once academic biologists around the world start to realize this, then they can teach each other and they can teach the people around them.
And it will become okay for doctors also to start to realize this.
It will be harder for doctors because doctors actually don't possess the real
basic biology that would be necessary to get here.
And so they're gonna need help from academic biologists who are willing to go out on a limb and say, wait a minute, he might be right.
These ideas might be right.
Senator Johnson might be right.
Senator Ron Johnson's committee conclusions might be right.
His is really where this rubber might meet the road and our grandchildren might start to become free.
Again, this is just a kid from Kadat, Wisconsin.
pleading with you for some assistance, some understanding, maybe an hour with you and your staff to talk about some of the details here and explain to you how I think the biosecurity state of America and several other countries around the world have told us an elaborate mythology that they hope we will pass on to our children in order to manage this
population on Earth.
Thank you very much for listening, and I hope I will hear from you soon.
And you can find my work here at GigaOMBiological.com.
You can get a hold of me there, but you have my phone number, you have all my contact information, so I hope I'll hear from you very, very soon.
Thank you.
I will be putting the slide deck up in a couple hours.
And all of my work is available here.
And thank you very much for joining me.
I'll see you again soon.